# XmasMaster
ios technical support

app：XmasMaster

If you have any questions about the app, please contact my email

buraksariogluzvfaez@gmail.com
3 7063949320

iOS Privacy Policy
This application respects and protects the privacy of all users who use the service. In order to provide you with more accurate and personalized services, this application will use and disclose your personal information in accordance with the provisions of this privacy policy. However, this application will treat this information with a high degree of diligence and prudence. Except as otherwise provided in this Privacy Policy, this application will not disclose or provide such information to a third party without your prior permission. This application will update this privacy policy from time to time. When you agree to this application service usage agreement, you are deemed to have agreed to the privacy policy in its entirety. This privacy policy is an integral part of the application agreement for the application service.

scope of application
(a) when you register this application account, you provide personal registration information according to the application requirements;

(b) The application automatically receives and records information on your browser and computer, including, but not limited to, your IP address, type of browser, language used, date and time of access, information on software and hardware features, and web page records of your requirements, when you use the application network service or access the application platform web page Such as data;

(c) user personal data obtained from business partners through legal means in this application.

You understand and agree that the following information is not applicable to this Privacy Policy:

(a) the keyword information you enter when you use the search service provided by this application platform;

(b) The information and data collected by the application, including, but not limited to, participatory activities, transaction information and evaluation details;

(c) violations of the law or violation of the rules of application and the measures that have been taken to you in this application.

information usage
(a) This application will not provide, sell, rent, share or trade your personal information to any unrelated third party unless you have prior permission or unless the third party and the application (including the application affiliate) serve you individually or jointly, and after the end of the service, it will be prohibited from accessing including its previous capabilities Enough access to all of these information.

(b) This application does not allow any third party to collect, edit, sell or distribute your personal information by any means. Any user of this application platform who engages in the above activities has the right to terminate the service agreement with that user immediately upon discovery.

(c) For the purpose of serving users, the application may provide you with information of interest by using your personal information, including but not limited to sending you product and service information, or sharing information with the application partners so that they can send you information about their products and services (the latter requires your prior agreement) Meaning).

information disclosure
This application will disclose all or part of your personal information in accordance with your personal wishes or legal provisions, if any:

(a) to be disclosed to the third party through your prior consent.

(b) you must share your personal information with the third party in order to provide the products and services you require.

(c) Disclosure to a third party or an administrative or judicial institution in accordance with the relevant provisions of the law or the requirements of an administrative or judicial institution;

(d) If you violate the relevant laws and regulations of China or this Applied Services Agreement or relevant rules, you need to disclose them to a third party;

(e) If you are a qualified intellectual property complainer and have lodged a complaint, the complaint should be requested by the respondent to disclose it to the respondent so that both parties can handle possible disputes over rights;

(f) In a transaction created on this application platform, if either party fulfills or partially fulfills its transaction obligations and makes a request for information disclosure, the application has the right to decide to provide the user with necessary information such as the way in which the other party contacts the transaction in order to facilitate the completion of the transaction or the settlement of disputes.

(g) other applications that are considered appropriate according to laws, regulations or website policies.

information storage and exchange
The information and information collected by this application about you will be stored on the servers of this application and/or its affiliated companies, which may be transmitted to your country, region, or outside the country where this application collects information and data and accessed, stored and displayed abroad.

use of Cookie
(a) Without refusing to accept cookies, the application will set or take cookies on your computer so that you can login or use cookies-dependent services or functions of the application platform. The application of cookies can provide you with more thoughtful personalized services, including promotion services.

(b) you have the right to choose to accept or reject cookies. You can refuse to accept cookies by modifying browser settings. But if you choose to reject cookies, you may not be able to log in or use cookies-dependent native application network services or functions.

(c) this information will apply to the relevant infor

information security
(a) this application account has security protection function. Please keep your user name and password information properly. This application will ensure that your information is not lost, abused and changed by encrypting user passwords and other security measures. Despite the aforementioned security measures, please also note that there is no "perfect security measures" on the information network.

(b) When using this application network service for online transactions, it is unavoidable for you to contact the other party or potential transaction pair

changes in privacy policy
(a) If we decide to change the privacy policy, we will publish these changes in this policy, on our website, and where we think they are appropriate, so that you can understand how we collect and use your personal information, who can access it, and under what circumstances we will disclose it.

(b) our company reserves the right to modify this policy at any time, so please check it regularly. If a major change is made to the policy, the company will inform it through the form of website notice.

Party discloses personal information, such as contact or postal address. Please properly protect your personal information and provide it to others only if necessary. If you find that your personal information is leaked, especially the username and password of this application are leaked, please contact this application customer service immediately, so that this application can take appropriate measures.
